The biggest risk I've taken in my career was to go be chief engineer aboard
your system. Frankly, few engineers were fired for failing light
off exam. Three engineers turned down the job. I was the fourth guy
that was picked by my also Waas chief of staff. The fleet, that Apple
reason and the taipan broke. It needed to be fixed on that wasa
very gutsy call to go do that. Basically, she she was broken. That
and she needed a lot of help. And I was able to go there, Chief. There
it was. In a year, we passed our light off exam way past our tea
or coffee off. Badly. Holy book trophy time with only one ship off class
one Ship his body. Get it? Not that trough. I've got so very satisfied
with that. That was quite the rest go. I could have said no.
I just want to execute my orders. Maybe needed me to go to talk out